Movie Ticket Booking System
We want to build an application which helps a moving theater company in managing ticket
booking across India.
1. There is a Movie Theater company having theaters across the country, with each theater
having multiple screens.
2. Theaters have 3 types of screens
a. Gold (Price - Rs. 400 / per ticket) - 2 seats per screen
b. IMax (Price - Rs. 300 / per ticket) - 5 seats per screen
c. General (Price - Rs. 200 / per ticket) - 10 seats per screen
3. User can book Food & Beverage while booking movie ticket as well
a. There are 2 items being sold by theater
i. Popcorn
ii. Sandwich
b. Gold ticket users get a 10% discount on food.
c. Imax ticket users get a 5% discount on food.

Assume that:
1. APIs to register Theaters and Screens are not needed. It can be hard coded in the
system however models need to be present.
2. Payment is handled offline. You only need to keep track of the sales.
3. Assume you have unlimited stock for food.
4. Seat allocation is automatic in a theater screen.
5. You can define the price for food on your own and assume it is the same across all
theaters.
Demonstrate:
1. Book a movie ticket
a. User will decide the
i. Theater
ii. Category of ticket (Gold/Imax/General)
b. Add on food and beverage (optional for user)
2. Booking cancellation - can only be done 30 min prior to moving timing.
3. Implement waiting list - if a user is trying to book when screen is sold out
a. Users can join the waiting list only till 30 minutes prior to movie time.
b. When a user cancels a ticket and if there is someone in the waiting list they
should get the ticket in first come first serve order.

Evaluation Criteria:
1. Code walkthrough to showcase structure and modelling.
2. Use object oriented programming concepts.
3. A demonstration of the functional requirements stated above.
For the demonstration, you can choose any of - CLI, API, Unit tests or a runner class.

Additional notes:
1. You may use any programming language
2. Database is optional. We don’t recommend setting up a db, it takes a lot of time.
In memory stores or flat files are acceptable for storing data.
3. You may access documentation and any other resources as needed.
4. Things that will get you disqualified
a. Blatant copy of code from internet
b. Not sharing your entire screen
c. Keeping mic or video off
d. Using any AI assistant tool like github co-pilot, chat-gpt, etc.